---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "K"
date: 2024-04-01
draft: true
---

# K 
K was the first friend I made at Bowdoin. She drove or rather launched us airborne at the speed bump down Main Street before getting pulled over. We tried to exchange insurance info with an angry Québécois with her two semesters' worth of French and Google translate after a fender bender in Montreal. We chased her cat for an hour in the parking lot of Mayflower after I left the backdoor open accidentally. There's too much memory between us that I don't know where to start. 

I am not a good writer. Well, no one is taught how to write something for this, so I just wrote down what comes to my mind. It's been a while since I've written something this important without K proofread it. 

K was the opposite of me, I think anyone who’ve read her writing, or even been in a conversation with her would agree. She was a great debater, always with much to say, and she would not stop until you agreed with her. And in my case, I usually just give up on disagreeing. I told her how this suits her dream, of becoming a part of the judicial system of this country and helping bring justice to the world, even just a little more: She believes in what she believes in, and she could convince the whole world to believe her.  [ Maybe a few transitions here? ]

She liked the show The Good Place, the theme of it is “what is good? and what is bad?”, it's moral philosophy. I couldn’t stand more than 3 seconds of moral philosophy. But imagine watching that show with someone constantly trying to explain what moral philosophy is, while the show already failed to do that! [ It’s like watching the director narrated version of it, except the director doesn’t dumb it down for you, and kept saying words like metaphysics, rational soul, and how What We Owe to Each Other is a book, not a song title. ] Well, for those of you who’ve seen the show, this might get tacky. But here’s my argument, on why she deserves to go to the Good Place. 

During one of our countless conversations on "So what do you think is moral?", she told me she agrees with Aristotle the most, that being a moral person means more than doing the right action, but understanding the appropriate character traits and cultivating those in one's self. She said the only principle, or virtue that she stands by is to not harm others, While she did stand by it, I see so much more from her. She showed her kindness by loving and remembering everyone who supported her in her life, the mail center worker who helped build her bike, her supervisor at Moulton, someone who helped with her golf swing at the driving range, and so much more. 

Outside of her life at Bowdoin, she worked in the district attorney’s office in California, and she was a translator for emergency hotlines for people in need, who don’t speak English but live in countries that predominantly speak English. She witnessed the spectrum of human experience - its highs and lows, beauty and suffering. Ecclesiastes begins with this exclamation "meaningless! Everything is meaningless!". That was the first bible verse she learned about in a Christian school in South Asia before coming to the States. And she told me this is the verse she remembered the most. I think she sees the world differently: She was shown the good, the bad, and the ugly of the world, and she responded with love and passion. She finds meaning in this seemingly meaningless world by helping and inspiring others with her passion. She gave her whole heart to everyone around her with genuine sincerity. For that, she is going to the Good Place. 

I don’t have a strong belief in the afterlife or spirituality, and in my view, I think nothing happens after death. It’s just void, all emptiness and void. For the past couple of days, I have found myself staring into the void a lot. I think to each of their own, she lives wherever they believe she’s in. And for me, when I am staring into the void, I think this is my way of seeing her again, to finally give her a proper goodbye. 


